[Music]
did you know that you have four to six
dreams at night which is about two
thousand dreams per year two thousand
what an incredible numbers unfortunately
we forget 80 percent of all of our
dreams
at least we don't understand what
happens to our bodies when we are in the
arms of morpheus here are 9 fascinating
things that happen to your body while
you sleep number 9 your muscles are
paralyzed when you enter rapid eye
movement sleep which is the deepest
we've evolved the muscles of your limbs
become paralyzed completely it's
temporarily impossible anew there is a
sleep disorder in which this paralysis
is maintained for a few seconds or
minutes after waking up people with
narcolepsy often experience this
brightening sentence paralysis number 8
your eyes move at full speed all phases
of sleep serve a purpose and keeping
your body and brain healthy and last
there are five stages of sleep and each
one is deeper than the previous when we
pass through all five phases just like I
start over again the last one rapid eye
movement sleep is the most active it
starts about 60 or 90 minutes after you
fall asleep at this stage your eyes move
it's full speed back and forth without
you being aware of it because your mind
focuses on your dreams
number seven a growth hormone is really
human growth hormone known as HGH
hormone is responsible for the
regeneration of your bones muscles and
tissues when you sleep this hormone is
produced all over your bodies it helps
with the shearing of Lunas and Scala
Newell when you're young this one one
contributes to growth and affects your
body in many other ways
now you know what I say you grow taller
when you sleep number six your throat
narrow when you sleep the muscles of
your throat relax therefore its size
decreases this is one of the reasons you
snore although there are no contributing
factors for example nasal obstruction
throw tightening has a lot to do with
the annoying noises that some people
make when they sleep number five you
grind your teeth this phenomenon is
called breakfast it doesn't happen to
everyone but some people wake up with a
strong jaw pain after grinding their
teeth at night
breck season might occur as a result of
a missile and job it can also be
psychological it's a way to relieve
emotional tension and stress accumulated
during the day however studies haven't
yet identified why some people never
experience it and others end up with
cracked heat and sore jobs
number four spontaneous sexual arousal
both men and women experience sexual
arousal during sleep this phenomenon is
due to peak brain activity during a
rapid eye movement through sleep your
brain needs more oxygen in there for a
faster flow of blood this boost affects
each organ of your body including the
most intimate lines and activate sexual
hormones number three your brain
releases memories and makes up series
our dreams are still a huge scientific
mystery your brain constructs dreamscape
from your memories and deep subconscious
here's how it works
your recent experiences combined with
the information you stored for years
memory traumas emotions and feelings
this combination creates mysterious and
sometimes absurd dreams however
scientists Tok to determine why our mind
travels to a certain place at night and
choose their specific memory colors
voices teams or people
number two you might hear sudden
explosion exploding head syndrome is a
rare phenomenon but it can occur if it
ever happens to you you'll feel like a
lot explosion if you wake up you might
experience high levels of fear and
distress but in reality and nothing has
happened those who suffer from this
syndrome feel that their heads have
exploded or they think they fertilized
sounds like a gunshot it causes no
physical pain but can have serious
psychological implications number one
your brain has stores and eat oxygen
some researchers at the University of
Rochester telling that while you sleep
your brain flushes out the waste that
builds up during the day this mechanism
is called the glymphatic system when it
turns on your brain discards useless
information and accumulates the stuff
that it considers vital and really their
connections thanks for watching if
you've enjoyed the video hit that thumbs
up button if you're visiting our channel
for the first time click subscribe to
stay with us on the bright side